# Assessing Super-Resolution Techniques for Efficient Upscaling of AI-Generated Images 

## Overview

This repository contains all of the code and data files used for the generation, validation and analysis of the COMP820 Course. This project looks to generate super-resolution (SR) image,  validate quality of the image generated by the SR model; then provide an analysis on the values

## Structure
- `analysis.py` - This script contains all of the analysis done for the experiment, using the data located in the `analysis` folder.
- `main.py` - This is the main script runs the validation for all the Gen AI images against their SR images. 
- `./validations` - This folder contains all the different analytics used by the experiment
- `./super_resolution` - This folder contains all the code used for the SR image generation.
-  `./data` - This folder contains all of the data used in the experiment.
-  `./analysis` - This folder contains all of the data generated by the `main.py` from analysing all of the images.
- `./plots` - This folder contains all the plots generated by the `analysis.py` script, analysing the experiment results.

# Usage

To reproduce the analysis from the paper, do the following:
- Install UV in your local machine.
- Run `uv run python main.py` for comparing all the images already generated.
- Run `uv run python analysis.py` for all the analysis done in the paper.


## Development
- Add dependencies using `uv add <package>`
- Remove dependencies using `uv remove <package>`
- Reinstall dependencies from lock file using `uv sync`